Feature: Health checks windows service (#13388)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/api-docs/agent/check.mdx

If the datagram is sent successfully or a timeout is returned, the check is set to the `passing` state.
The check is logged as `critical` if the datagram is sent unsuccessfully.

> - `OSService` `(string: "")` - Specifies an OS-level service to check. You can specify either `Windows Services` on Windows or `SystemD` services on Unix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `OSService` `(string: "")` - Specifies the type of OS-level service to check. You can specify either `Windows Services` on Windows or `SystemD` services on Unix.
```
Apologies, I think my last suggestion was still too ambiguous. I think this makes the purpose of the parameter clearer.

Author: It's not the type that we have to specify but its name

Author: Also, this is related: https://github.com/hashicorp/consul/pull/13388#discussion_r977810915

How about: 
```suggestion
- `OSService` `(string: "")` - Specifies the name/identifier of an OS-level service to check. You can specify either `Windows Services` on Windows or `SystemD` services on Unix.
```

Author: Hey @trujillo-adam ! Any thoughts on this?

Author: @trujillo-adam: sounds good!

```suggestion
- `OSService` `(string: "")` - Specifies the identifier of an OS-level service to check. You can specify either `Windows Services` on Windows or `SystemD` services on Unix.
```

> - `OSService` `(string: "")` - Specifies an OS-level service to check. You can specify either `Windows Services` on Windows or `SystemD` services on Unix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `OSService` `(string: "")` - Specifies the name of an OS-level service. Configure this option if the service you intend to check runs as an OS-level service. You can specify either `Windows Services` on Windows or `SystemD` services on Unix. 
```
I think trying to combine the action to specify the name and the action of performing the check (if that makes sense) is what's causing confusion for me. We should state them separately. First, what the param is for. Second, what the param means in the context of the overall API call. What do you think?

> - `OSService` `(string: "")` - Specifies the name of a service to check that is running as an OS-level service; either Windows Services on Windows or SystemD services on Unix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `OSService` `(string: "")` - Specifies an OS-level service to check. You can specify either `Windows Services` on Windows or `SystemD` services on Unix.
```
The current wording reads as if we are checking the actual Windows Service or SystemD application, but stated in a convoluted way. I think we might mean, though, that this option tells Consul that the service it is configured to check runs as a Windows Service or SystemD service. Is that correct?

Author: Correct. Currently, this feature works only on windows but the main pieces for making it work with SystemD are in place. The design was intended to offer the same look-n-feel to the user independently of the implementation details/OS.

Author: I just realized that I accepted this by mistake and I feel like it should be reverted and/or rephrased to indicate that it's the `name` of the OS-specific service that goes into that.
